Implement IFileProviderFactory and move shared infrastructure to Umbraco.StorageProviders (#36)
umbraco/Umbraco.StorageProviders: README.md

# Umbraco storage providers

This repository contains Umbraco storage providers that can replace the default physical file storage.

## Umbraco.StorageProviders

Contains shared storage providers infrastructure, like a CDN media URL provider.

### Usage

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddUmbraco(_env, _config)
        .AddBackOffice()
        .AddWebsite()
        .AddComposers()
        // Add the CDN media URL provider:
        .AddCdnMediaUrlProvider()
        .Build();
}
```

> There're multiple ways to configure the CDN provider, it can be done in code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to configure the CDN provider.  It can be done in code:
```

```csharp
.AddCdnMediaUrlProvider(options => {
    options.Url = new Uri("https://cdn.example.com/");
});
```

In `appsettings.json`:

```json
{
  "Umbraco": {
    "Storage": {
      "Cdn": {
        "Url": "https://cdn.example.com/"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Or by environment variables:

```sh
UMBRACO__STORAGE__CDN__URL=<CDN_BASE_URL>
```

_Note: you still have to add the provider in the `Startup.cs` file when not configuring the options in code._

## Umbraco.StorageProviders.AzureBlob

The Azure Blob Storage provider has an implementation of the Umbraco `IFileSystem` that connects to an Azure Blob Storage container.

### Usage

This provider can be added in the `Startup.cs` file:

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddUmbraco(_env, _config)
        .AddBackOffice()
        .AddWebsite()
        .AddComposers()
        // Add the Azure Blob Storage file system
        .AddAzureBlobMediaFileSystem() 
        .Build();
}
```

> There're multiple ways to configure the provider, it can be done in code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to configure the provider, It can be done in code:
```
